At Prescott Prep, students were either Stocks, or they were Investors. 
	I was an Investor. 
	Before you go thinking this was some futuristic boarding school hurtling through space or something—it wasn’t. (Unfortunately). Nope, Prescott was a totally normal Connecticut prep school that just so happened to have me in it. And my building a popularity-based stock exchange seemed pretty inevitable given my history.
	Basically, I don’t know if it was nature or nurture or whatever, but these two things made me, me. 1) I just so happened to grow up with a 500-Megatwat mean girl for my older sister. And 2) I just so happened to love to people-watch popular people.
	So I watched my sister, Sadie:  from the back of her closet, from the top of our kitchen pantry, from underneath our living room couch. When I had a bigger allowance, I bought picture frames with tape recorders; mirrors with hidden webcams; sunglasses with binoculars. The location tracker under her pink leather bicycle seat was the one she found, the one that led my parents to the livestream footage and the notebooks, which led to Jean the therapist, and then eventually to Prescott.
Now, out from under Sadie’s elongated hourglass of a shadow, I was supposed to grow into a healthy and productive young adult. But I just saw a world full of Sadies to people-watch. Soon, I was building The Exchange. Becoming President. Gathering tips. Maintaining the algorithm, being the #1 trader, having some falling outs, not really going out, yada yada yada, and then you’re caught up to senior fall when we only had 9 months of investing left before graduation. Much more importantly, we only had 9 months left before Closing Bell— when we’d shut down The Exchange and collect all our earnings. 
	On this particular day, I was sitting alone, trying to eat my dinner of a tuna fish sandwich without looking away from the scene before me in Dining Hall. I was at my usual perch—the elevated bar table next to the floor-to-ceiling window that looked out onto the river, but that I never looked at, myself. Because from this spot I was overlooking the entire sea of stocks that were eating, laughing, clattering trays around and sitting with their groups of friends, which we Investors called bonds.  There were PreppyStoners chatting with red eyes and Nantucket red pants; DaddyIssues girls all eating sexually suggestive food items (bananas, popsicles, etc); SOCALSocialites talking about their parents’ latest movies.
	I was watching, intently, for anything that might indicate a change in value: an extra backpat, a sneer, a flitting of the eyes. And it wasn’t long before I got one: there was a minor commotion in the table under the chandelier where the BecausePretties sat. Greta Goodwin was laughing as her ‘friend’ Kayla scuttled away from their table, red-faced and buttoning up her jean jacket. Most likely, Kayla’s low-cut shirt was just a little too revealing for Greta’s taste, and now she was getting shamed for it. Perhaps Kayla would be ousted from the group soon. I owned a few shares of her; would need to sell her before she tanked. 
 	I was thinking all this, maybe thinking harder than usual, because I didn’t even notice Vis Rothschild walking up to me until he was standing there right at my table.
	“Can I sit here for a sec?” he asked. 
	I did mind, in fact. Vis was valuable; a bluechip. He was into painting and design and artsiness, which would normally make him a penny stock. But he was 6’2”, and his parents owned an art gallery in Manhattan, and he DJed the occasional dance, that all added up and put him firmly in the Top 20 Index, pretty constantly. Anyone who was in the Top 20 a lot was designated a bluechip.
	So I didn’t want to talk to him—what if I wanted to buy stock in him one day? Then all of a sudden it might look like Insider Trading, after this whole conversation. And Paisley and Leo, my ex-best friends and Exchange co-founders, were sitting just a few tables away watching Vis talk to me. Probably plotting a way to bring it up against me in the next Board Meeting, or convince me to sell him now that I’d tainted him with my presence.
	But apparently Vis wasn’t actually asking me for permission. He just climbed right into the seat, adjusted his wide-brimmed red hat and looked at me while I tried not to grit my teeth or roll my eyes. Investors were supposed to be like wildlife photographers; always watching but never interfering. Observe and Invest was our motto. But now, thanks to him, I was going against convention.
	“Nice weather tonight, isn’t it,” Vis said.
 	It was just a regular October, a little chilly. “I guess?”
	He puffed out his lower lip. “Yeah, you know, nights like this make me happy that I’m in Connecticut and not LA,” he continued. “It’s so boring there, all one season. But then, it becomes winter, and I’m like damn, I miss LA!” he laughed at his own non-joke.
	I took a sip of my grapefruit juice and pushed the pulp through the gap in my lower teeth and watched him. Wondered when he was going to get to the point of him sitting with me.
	He looked back over his shoulder and then rubbed it, like it was bothering him. Paisley and Leo were still watching us, so I straightened my back and tilted my head so that it at least looked like Vis might like me. At least I’d get Paisley’s jealousy as a benefit of this whole weird interaction. Cute guys never talked to her. Or me, for that matter. 
Which was why Vis talking to me was so strange. 
He rubbed his shoulder again. “Man, I’m sore from sketching all day. You know what I mean?” 
“I don’t think I do.”
Vis was smiling but looked uncomfortable, like I was a cop pulling him over for a traffic ticket.
He had a red bump on his chin that I’d never noticed before. A brewing zit? A sudden outbreak could affect his stock…I leaned closer. I wanted to reach out and touch it to know for sure.
He leaned back abruptly. Drummed his hands on the table and stood up. “Well, cool. I’ll see you later, I guess?”
I nodded and watched him go. Probably weren’t zits.
But what had that all been about, anyways? That thing he said about the sketching— it sounded like something out of a movie; something a guy says to get girls to squeeze his biceps, offer a massage or a blowjob. 
But him, using that line on me? I wasn’t his type of girl. Or, I’ll be honest: anyone’s type of girl really. And Vis had boho art chicks flopping all over him day in, day out. So it made no sense.
And now here I was, sitting and staring at the path he’d taken away from my table. Dammit.
My spy rhythm had been broken. People were putting on their coats, leaning back in their seats and pushing plates out of the way, pulling out their phones to text or look stuff up. In other words, the party was dying. I might as well go too.
So I headed to the conveyer belt, where trays passed by with leftovers from everyones’ meals. Back in my rhythm, I watched the trays passing by: sometimes I could tell just by the food on each tray which type of person it belonged to. It was a game I played with myself sometimes. The ones with the heaping piles of plates with leftover mashed potato and meats were the easiest—almost always Jockstrappers.  The Gilligans (preppy boys with yacht shoes) would have similar meals, with the addition of vegetables— as if their mothers were watching. The AntiGirls would eat the least healthy combination possible—like hamburgers and french fries— so they could be all “I’m not like those other girls you know, I have a BIG APPETITE” and then say something about fantasy football. 
I watched my own tray—empty grapefruit juice glass, half-eaten tunafish sandwich—then spun on my heel and ran smack into hottest-stock-of-the-week Cadby Petroff.
“Whoa there!” he said and grabbed me by the shoulders. “Watch where you’re going!” he said and pretended to shake me.
“I didn’t see you. I’m sorry,” I said, because I didn’t. Although I should have: he was pricey and worth watching for fluctuations.
“Don’t you worry about it,” he said. Then he bopped me on the chin. “So where are you headed?” he asked. “Can I walk you?”
I stared at his Iceland-blue eyes and everything else blurred for a moment, then quickly came into super-sharp focus—like the world around him was winding up just to punch me in the face with the big realization: He’s flirting with me, too. 
My mouth was opening but words weren’t coming out. I probably looked like a drowning fish. Actually I must have looked like a drowning fish because his already-pale face turned even paler.
“Uhh. Maybe later,” he said and scurried away.
I ran into the white and frosted-glass bathroom, clicked the door shut and leaned over the sink for stability. I’d seen girls hit their stride suddenly; going from ignored to next-hot-thing. But there was always a reason for it—like, they bought a hair straightener or lost weight or had sex with someone super cool.
	But me? I hadn’t gotten much sleep which made my bugeyes look even more bugged out. My hair was half-frizzy, half-straight. Plus, I was wearing my purple crocs and worn-in corduroys and fuzzy grandpa cardigan, so even if something drastic had happened curves-wise (which it hadn’t), nobody would be able to tell.
	At the same time, it had to be something. I definitely wasn’t imagining things. Maybe guys were catching on to my quiet confidence? After all, they always say guys like a girl with interests, and I certainly had them. Plus— I had perfect nails, I rarely got zits, and had some kinda-cute freckles on my cheeks. 
	Perhaps Prescott boys aren’t as clueless as I thought. 
	I was smiling when I went to the library to hunt for tips. The J.L. Rene library was Prescott Prep’s crown jewel: a building so famous that anyone slightly interested in design made a special trip just to walk up and down the seven flights of marble stairs and gaze at the brick ceilings and think about how expensive tuition was. 
	But I liked it because I always found good tips there.  In the last weeks, I’d found: the wrestling captain in the Ancient Arts section, masturbating to photos of Grecian pottery. The Prescott valedictorian, who carelessly left— in the printing-room trashcan—the college essays that his parents had written for him. And the popular, perfectionist ballerina who ordered “anal bleach kit-discreet” then went to the bathroom without clearing her cached search history. 
	I headed to the second floor, my favorite starting point. It wasn’t long before I had my first bite: someone clack-clack-clacking away on a cellphone. I peered over the balcony down into the atrium; OLIVIA BOYLE was red-faced and texting someone. Her controlling boyfriend, perhaps? I leaned forward.
	“See anything interesting?” a voice asked.
	It was Ben Wentworth. I’d never seen him up close before. Now he was near enough that I could lean over and touch his chest, if I wanted. Not that I wanted to, necessarily. But I could.
	“Do you see anything interesting?” he repeated. He bit his lip, which was a habit of his when pensive. I wondered what it would feel like to bite his lip, myself.
	The thought made my cheeks flush. Then I realized they were flushing and my eyes watered in embarrassment. Which made my cheeks flush even MORE because of the eye-watering. I wanted to melt into the floor.
“I’ve been looking at those granite pillars,” I finally said. “They’re very artistic.” 
“Pillars, huh?” Ben Wentworth smiled and his dimple deepened, then he put his head next to mine like I was pointing at something in the distance instead of merely across the atrium. 
My breath didn’t catch so much as cease to function, completely. If I turned my head, my lips would hit his cheek. If he turned his head at the same time, our lips would touch. 
 My stomach felt like a jello jiggler.
	“Those are some nice pillars,” he said finally. “Thanks for showing me.”
	“Okay,” I think I said. 
	He tossed me a last smile before turning and loping away. 
	My palms had left two sweaty handprints on the railing. I wiped them on my threadbare thighs and let out a long sigh I didn’t realize I’d been holding in. Then I walked into the stacks and smiled. There, I pressed my burning cheeks against the cool metal shelving, rubbing my face side to side and enjoying the chill against my skin. 
Three valuable boy stocks, all hitting on me. 
I should wear this outfit more often.
